You're right, too.
Offended me, it really deserves death
Because I am the true god behind the black gold group
Hahahahaha
Invited a few actors with knives
You really see yourself as a character
Dare to pretend to be a true god
Get off me now
Roll down
Roll down roll down roll down roll down
Ye Ninghan, you still argue that you have two heads
That's a natural boss to do it by hand
Why can't it be done?
Tonight's Fengxi Banquet was ordered by my master to be held
We know you better than anyone else.
A female loser who can only work in a food stall to make money
Run to this unknowing and pretend to be a mysterious boss
Humph overkill
It's you who overreach
My master is a thousand glories and a unique one
Is it possible to slander you?
Ye Ninghan, you really will do anything to achieve your goals
You are reckless at the selenium-rich feast
It's just that I can't see my husband rise to the sky
Want to anger the mysterious boss who is about to arrive
Destroy it all
Good you Ye Linghan
My family has raised you for nothing for so many years
Did your conscience get eaten by a dog?
You Ye Linghan
I really didn't expect it.
You ruined my future
He risked his life
Read it in our husband and wife
Come down now
I will move on as the future president of the black gold group
Keep your mouth shut
My master has been so kind to you
You actually have something against him
Damn you
When you die, see what you still turn over
Haha crazy
I see, dead people can't make any waves
He can't make waves with the dead
That's right, today is dead
That being the case
Then let the poor win
Within 5 minutes
Let the four families go bankrupt